index.md, before:

---
title: Boris' Home Page
layout: default
---

Hi there, I'm [Boris](https://borisjabes.keybase.pub/profile.jpg). I'm an entrepreneur and [angel investor][1] who runs [Polynome][], a tech consultancy.

I am a proud Canadian who grew up in Paris and now lives in San Francisco.

I founded [Meldium][], a [YC-backed][YC] security startup, which was acquired by [LogMeIn][].

I enjoy speaking about technology and love to help startup founders, so please [reach out][email] ([public key][2]).

I moonlight as an amateur tour guide if you're visiting.

Someday, I hope to recreate the magic of [HyperCard][].

[1]: https://angel.co/borisjabes
[2]: https://keybase.io/borisjabes/key.asc
[3]: https://twitter.com/borisjabes
[4]: https://instagram.com/borisjabes
[5]: https://linkedin.com/in/borisjabes
[6]: https://keybase.io/borisjabes
[7]: https://github.com/bjabes
[8]: http://goodreads.com/borisjabes
[Meldium]: https://www.meldium.com
[YC]: https://www.ycombinator.com
[LogMeIn]: https://www.logmeininc.com
[Polynome]: http://polynome.co
[email]: mailto:{{ site.email }}
[HyperCard]: https://wikipedia.org/wiki/HyperCard

Commit message:

add census and kill meldium link (sad)

index.md, after:

---
title: Boris' Home Page
layout: default
---

Hi there, I'm [Boris](https://borisjabes.keybase.pub/profile.jpg). I'm an entrepreneur and [angel investor][1] who runs [Census][], a service that helps businesses better understand their customers.

I am a proud Canadian who grew up in Paris and now lives in San Francisco.

I previously founded Meldium, a [YC-backed][YC] identity management startup, which was acquired by [LogMeIn][].

I enjoy speaking about technology and love to help startup founders, so please [reach out][email] ([public key][2]).

I moonlight as an amateur tour guide if you're visiting.

Someday, I hope to recreate the magic of [HyperCard][].

[1]: https://angel.co/borisjabes
[2]: https://keybase.io/borisjabes/key.asc
[3]: https://twitter.com/borisjabes
[4]: https://instagram.com/borisjabes
[5]: https://linkedin.com/in/borisjabes
[6]: https://keybase.io/borisjabes
[7]: https://github.com/bjabes
[8]: http://goodreads.com/borisjabes
[YC]: https://www.ycombinator.com
[LogMeIn]: https://www.logmeininc.com
[Census]: https://getcensus.com
[Polynome]: http://polynome.co
[email]: mailto:{{ site.email }}
[HyperCard]: https://wikipedia.org/wiki/HyperCard
